```metadata
name: c00kiemon5ter
date: 2010-12-22T17:01:44
url: http://c00kiemon5ter.github.com
reply: true
```

Well, I've been through Gnome 2.x , KDE 3.x and 4.x and XFCE. I always found
myself uncomfortable with all the stuff I found running or just being there
without me knowing that. The whole DE concept felt not right for me.

So I switched to simpler alternatives, where I could have more control on what
was on my system, how it behaved and what my system did at any moment. Fluxbox
and Openbox replaced the DEs. Openbox was great, easy configuration,
comfortable right click menu, many features (growToEdge etc), plenty ideas and
documentation.

However I always found myself (even when I used DEs) placing windows next to
each other, non-overlapping and organizing them on groups on different
desktops.

Since my switch to plain wms , I always had in mind the existence of twms and
was keen to try those. But then I found pytyle. I stayed with that for a while
until it started crashing and didnt handle all windows seamlessly. I code so I
try to keep myself on the keyboard as much as possible, so I dont really like
bars and panels and decorations. And pytyle didnt like that much.

So having a small experience with pytyle I set to try a true twm. I tried
wmii, musca and xmonad but came back to Openbox, as I couldnt really figure
out the configuration(Haskell :S not my thing) and didnt have the time to back
then(that is I didnt really try) - university requirements. I've had already
read a lot about twms, reviews, comparisons etc and known the existence of
suckless and dwm.

So one day I had a free morning and just installed dwm, read the man page,
logged in and wo! It was all so nicely put, defaults were sane and easy to
remember, drawing a boarder around the active window was all you needed, the
configuration was easy, even though in C it was more than easy to figure it
out, without needing to be a programmer (of-course patching to get more is
more complicated). It all worked good.

DWM was all I needed, it fit what I imagined as a twm completely and felt
familiar. I used some patches (pertag, push(totally optional) and
bstack(havent used it much)) and it's more than enough for me.

Yes, I'm the kind of user with many terminal apps and a big screen so tiling
fits just right, and dwm feels right to me. I guess some other twm might be
good too, but I dont think I'll be switching soon.

Comparing floating wms to tiling ones, I think I'd go with tiling most of the
times. Screen size is really important. A big screen or a small one then it's
tiling for me (fullscreen on the small one), a medium monitor then it's
floating (and that's probably openbox).

That's how I'd like apps to take up space, if something is open, there's a
reason it's open, and as such I should be able to see it.

I dont have much experience with netbooks and as so no experience with
environments like Unity etc, so I cant speak for that.
